README.md, before:

# tox-docker 

A [tox](https://tox.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) plugin which runs one or
more [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) containers during the test run.

[![build status](https://travis-ci.org/tox-dev/tox-docker.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tox-dev/tox-docker)

## Usage and Installation

Tox loads all plugins automatically. It is recommended that you install the
tox-docker plugin into the same Python environment as you install tox into,
whether that's a virtualenv, etc.

You do not need to do anything special when running tox to invoke
tox-docker. You do need to configure your project to request docker
instances (see "Configuration" below).

## Configuration

In the `testenv` section, list the Docker images you want to include in
the `docker` multi-line-list. Be sure to include the version tag.

You can include environment variables to be passed to the docker container
via the `dockerenv` multi-line list. These will also be made available to
your test suite as it runs, as ordinary environment variables:

    [testenv]
    docker =
        postgres:9-alpine
    dockerenv =
        POSTGRES_USER=username
        POSTGRES_DB=dbname

## Port Mapping

tox-docker runs docker with the "publish all ports" option. Any port the
container exposes will be made available to your test suite via environment
variables of the form `<image-basename>_<exposed-port>_<proto>`. For
instance, for the postgresql container, there will be an environment
variable `POSTGRES_5432_TCP` whose value is the ephemeral port number that
docker has bound the container's port 5432 to.

Likewise, exposed UDP ports will have environment variables like
`TELEGRAF_8092_UDP` whose value is the ephemeral port number that docker has
bound. NB! Since it's not possible to check whether UDP port is open it's
just mapping to environment variable without any checks that service up and
running.

Commit message:

Splitting the tests, into static tests like flake8 etc, classic unit tests, and integration tests for both used images

README.md, after:

# tox-docker

A [tox](https://tox.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) plugin which runs one or
more [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) containers during the test run.

[![build status](https://travis-ci.org/tox-dev/tox-docker.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/tox-dev/tox-docker)

## Usage and Installation

Tox loads all plugins automatically. It is recommended that you install the
tox-docker plugin into the same Python environment as you install tox into,
whether that's a virtualenv, etc.

You do not need to do anything special when running tox to invoke
tox-docker. You do need to configure your project to request docker
instances (see "Configuration" below).

## Configuration

In the `testenv` section, list the Docker images you want to include in
the `docker` multi-line-list. Be sure to include the version tag.

You can include environment variables to be passed to the docker container
via the `dockerenv` multi-line list. These will also be made available to
your test suite as it runs, as ordinary environment variables:

    [testenv]
    docker =
        postgres:9-alpine
    dockerenv =
        POSTGRES_USER=username
        POSTGRES_DB=dbname
    dockervolumes =
        {toxinidir}/test-it/test-index.html=/usr/share/nginx/html/index.html

For mounting volumes you can use the `dockervolumes` multi-line list. The Key
is the path at the Host Machine and the value is represent the path in the Container.
The Mounts will append to all started containers, at the moment, like the `dockerenv`
Attributes.

## Port Mapping

tox-docker runs docker with the "publish all ports" option. Any port the
container exposes will be made available to your test suite via environment
variables of the form `<image-basename>_<exposed-port>_<proto>`. For
instance, for the postgresql container, there will be an environment
variable `POSTGRES_5432_TCP` whose value is the ephemeral port number that
docker has bound the container's port 5432 to.

Likewise, exposed UDP ports will have environment variables like
`TELEGRAF_8092_UDP` whose value is the ephemeral port number that docker has
bound. NB! Since it's not possible to check whether UDP port is open it's
just mapping to environment variable without any checks that service up and
running.
